hi it's Annie from Bella sugar and we're
here today with Pantene celebrity
stylist tippy shorter she's going to
show us three simple ways to completely
transform your look just by changing up
your bank so if you're growing them out
you're going to want to pay attention
I'm going to create a super sleek look
with bangs but what I'm going to do
differently round brush to give a lot of
volume and a lot of movement in our
bangs which is really great if you're
growing them out so I'm starting on a
great foundation because she was already
prepped with the Pantene pro-v beautiful
limp shampoo and conditioner and start
my sections and start round brushing i'm
using a fairly large round brush the
goal isn't to create curl the goal is to
create body so the more body you want
the larger the brush you can definitely
see the difference in the volume of the
side that I just blow dried with the
brush it has a lot of movement and a lot
of height we just wanted to follow that
all the way around and now we have our
finished look number one which is smooth
and sleek but we have super voluminous
things that have a lot of air and a lot
of movement and really keeps the hair
out of the iOS you're growing out your
bangs for loop number two we're going to
style our bangs with loose waves I'm
going to section my models hair into
one-inch sections one inch long one inch
wide and I'm going to wrap the hair
around the barrel of a quarter inch
curling iron to get the loose wave after
I've taken the hair out of the curling
iron I like to stretch it slightly while
the hair is still hot I'm literally
mimicking the shape that I want to
achieve by wrapping the hair and thick
chunks around the barrel and then
grabbing it from keeping a hold of the
tip and stretching it out so for the
bang I'm actually doing a more
traditional type of curl instead of
wrapping the hair around the barrel I'm
literally opening the barrel and putting
the hair in but I still want my pulling
to happen I still want the stretching to
happen so I'm curling and stretching
like all in the same movement to finish
off her look I'm gonna have her do my
hair dance that I love doing so much I'm
gonna have a dipper head over we're
gonna shake out the waves and shouldn't
if look back up there we go yeah
and there you have been long these ways
with bangs by far one of my favorite
styles to wear the thing for look number
3 i'm going to turn our blunt bangs into
a long side-swept bang i'm also going to
give her a really long side french braid
which is so fun and super cool for long
hair to start i'm going to apply a
little styling cream i'm going to create
a deep side part and I'm going to start
pushing all of our hair over to the side
which is going to really kind of
camouflage the fact that she has a blunt
bang and give her more of a side-swept
bang I'm doing the traditional braid of
three sections but of course you can
have a little bit more fun and make it
funky with four sections for a fishtail
braid I personally like loose kind of
messy braids I don't like it too neat so
it's okay if there are a couple of
little pieces of hair hanging here and
there before I'm almost finished with
the braids I like to take it and shake
it it just kind of loosens up the braid
to make it a like a little funkier a
little hipper then you just want to
secure your braid with a little rubber
band and to make sure that my side swept
bangs stays a side-swept thing and
doesn't try to creep back into a blunt
bang I'm going to use a little classic
hairspray to finish it if you want to go
back in and pull out little pieces
because for me this isn't messy enough I
love of messy braid and here we have our
side braid with our side-swept bang wow
how amazing I can't go over the
difference that you did just by changing
up the base it's pretty spectacular a
little round brushing a little curling
iron and really great product really
gives a lot of different options so if
you're growing out your bangs you have
to give this a try and thank you so much
tippy and thanks for watching bella
sugar TV